Yes?
Where are you?
In my friend's room.
It's late, why aren't you back
in your room?
I already told you I was working
on a project in my friend's room.
But you didn't mention
staying over.
It got late,
so I decided to stay here.
Is there something wrong?
Are there a lot of people there?
There are about 3 or 4 of us.
Why?
Send me your location,
I'll pick you up.
It's really late,
and I'm super tired.
You can stay here, don't worry.
The project is done,
come back to your room.
Okay, up to you.
I'll wait for your call
when you arrive.
What's up?
Is your boyfriend calling you?
Yeah.
This is Nut, the owner of
the fitness center in our building.
Are you going to
follow me everywhere?
Who said I'm following you?
First love is hard to forget.
How do you know that?
Just a feeling.
Nice to meet you,
our valued customer.
Don, my name is Donlaphat.
Are you single?
Continue?
Hey.
I miss you so much.
I don’t want to let you go.
Morning, my love.
Good morning.
Give me a kiss.
Huh?
It’s a morning kiss.
Wash your face
and brush your teeth first?
No, I want a kiss first.
You’re so naughty.
Here’s a bonus.
If you're awake,
please leave the room.
I hope this doesn’t happen again.
There are security cameras.
Don’t do anything stupid.
Oh, you’re watching? Naughty.
How about two hundred thousand?
Take this lump of cash.
Can you move it?
What time is it?
You can check.
Hey, it’s late.
We have a 10 a.m. meeting.
It's Saturday. What meeting?
Wake up, we’re late.
Let's sleep a bit more,
it's too late now.
No.
Mind, inform
the Beyond Perfect team.
I’m rescheduling
the meeting to 1 p.m.
No more questions.
Yes, Mind.
You’re moving
the meeting to 1 p.m.?
Oh, okay. I’ll let the team know.
Okay, thank you.
Don's secretary called and said
the meeting is moved to 1 p.m.
Mr. Don rescheduled?
How is that possible?
He set the meeting himself.
Exactly.
Someone as punctual as him
is always on time.
Must be some emergency.
I woke up early for nothing.
Hungover too.
- If I had known...
- AJ.
No complaints.
We don’t gossip about clients,
even behind their back.
Alright, let's break for now.
We'll regroup at 12:30.
I brought noodles, let’s eat.
- Sounds good, thanks!
- Thanks!
Eat something hot.
I’ll take a nap first.
- Not approved.
- Oh, fine, I’ll just work.
How is it possible for him
to reschedule?
When is the meeting moved to,
our valued client?
1 p.m. sharp.
It's only just past 10 a.m.
So we don’t need to rush now.
Do you have a toothbrush?
There’s a spare toothbrush.
Looks like someone
stays over often.
Were you okay last night?
What do you mean?
I mean...
If you're taking a shower,
the towels there are clean.
All of them.
Are you going there together
or separately?
Let’s go together, save energy,
reduce global warming.
Hurry up, then.
We should leave here by noon.
Got it, boss.
Are you showering now?
No, you go first.
Can I use this bathtub?
Feel free.
How do I turn on the water?
Can you show me?
Left is hot, right is cold.
I can’t turn it on.
What are you shy?
You saw it last night.
What about that bubbly thing?
Do you have any?
Bath bomb, it's in the drawer.
Where? I don’t see any.
Let’s shower together.
No, I prefer showering alone.
Scared?
Scared of what?
We still have time.
You weren’t acting
like this last night.
Don’t start.
Let’s shower together.
Do people stay over often?
You're the first.
Should I believe that?
Up to you.
Aren’t you lonely?
Not really.
Don’t you have a boyfriend?
I don’t like commitment.
You just go with the flow?
No commitment?
Something like that.
What does this mean?
Don't give up.
That's a nice meaning.
We still have time, right?
Can you handle one more?
Don’t talk too much,
we’re wasting time.
It’s a holiday, but why are there
so few people here?
Maybe the lifestyle around here is
different from the other branch.
A mosquito.
Look, it's so quiet
we’re swatting mosquitoes.
Here’s another mosquito.
- Another one here.
- Oh my.
- Another mosquito.
- Oh.
Hey, there’s another one.
So many mosquitoes.
Is there a mosquito in your shirt?
- Let me see.
- No mosquitoes in my shirt.
- There’s a big one.
- It's not a mosquito.
- Hurry, let me see.
- No, not in my shirt.
Hello.
All set.
You’re so cute.
We’re brothers.
Really, we are brothers.
Yes, I confirm.
But if you don’t believe me,
I can kiss his cheek to prove it.
Come on.
- No, don't do it.
- Just a quick kiss.
- No.
- She won't believe us.
- Nut.
Please come to the cardio zone.
Okay.
I’ll be back, brother.
Oh, Nut.
Have you arrived?
Will you be here first?
Okay, please wait.
I’ll go pick up Nene.
You can go up first, I’ll follow.
Why? Are you afraid
people will get suspicious?
No.
Then let’s go together.
Save energy, save the planet!
Be careful with it,
you’re ruining the brand.
- I'm sorry.
- Sure.
- It might take a bit, though.
- That’s fine.
- Are you here for me?
- No.
You have a company today?
That’s true.
Usually, Beyond Perfect never misses
when it comes to customer privacy.
It’s strange, no one checked
the lift for me twice.
I think we should head to
the meeting room now.
Okay.
Oops, okay, let’s go.
- Hi, Pond.
- Hi, how are you?
Hello, hello!
Did you change your style today?
Why?
It looks a bit different, like...
Yeah, but this looks cool.
This shirt looks familiar.
I think I’ve seen
someone wear it before.
It’s not a limited edition shirt.
Anyone with money can wear it.
- Please sit, Mr. Don.
- Please.
I apologize for the sudden
reschedule of the meeting.
I had an urgent matter.
Pond.
Yes, sorry about that.
Shall we start now?
- Sure, let’s go, Akin.
- Okay.
Here you go, Mr. Don.
Here are the models,
please take a look.
- We’ve already filtered these?
- Yes.
They’ve all got experience,
easy to work with.
What do you think? Are they okay?
I’m fine with the idea
you’ve presented.
But models...
The kids you’ve presented
all have similar faces.
This one has worked in milk ads.
This one did baby soap ads.
This one worked in condo ads.
This one, my team has worked with
on many brands already.
But she's not charming,
she looks too old for her age.
Can you find any fresh faces,
not overused, for this shoot?
Yes, of course.
It’s always the same kids in ads.
But these kids are easy
to work with.
They know the job,
and their parents are easygoing.
I’ve checked all these kids.
None of them have worked
with ice cream before.
Did I not make myself clear?
I said I want new faces.
Is that possible?
You like fresh faces, no repeats.
Abilities up to par, right?
Sure, that's fine, Mr. Don.
I’ll have my team find more models.
- Alright.
Is Tuesday good, Kin?
For the new faces you want,
what qualities should they have
to please you?
Pond.
I just want to know.
What’s his taste when
it comes to selection?
He likes new faces,
constantly changing.
It’s sad for those who
have already passed...
His eyes.
They’re no longer wanted.
If they’ve already passed my eyes,
I’ve seen them.
I’ve gotten used to it.
It’s no longer exciting.
Okay, Mr. Don.
Once used, just discard it.
Okay, let's see
if your team can come up
with new ones.
- Alright?
- Alright.
- Absolutely, Mr. Don.
- We’ll find new ones.
I’ll step out to take
a call for a moment.
Go ahead.
I’ll step out for a quick smoke.
Pond.
I’ll go to the accounting.
- I’ll be back.
- Alright, Akin.
I’ll just...
Stay and look for models.
I'll do it now.
Take your time, Mind.
Come in.
- Meeting over?
- Not yet.
Just a break.
Are there any missing documents
for this job?
Oh, I’m checking.
Could you check them, please?
- Come in.
- Hello.
Hello, Uncle.
Hello.
What are you here for?
- Do you want to know?
- Of course.
I’m happy you still want to
know about me.
Don’t get ahead of yourself.
I mean...
This place isn’t for just anyone
to come and go freely.
Who said I’m an outsider?
Oh, they don’t know yet that
you and I used to be...
What do you mean?
We are neighbors, right?
Please make the payment by cheque,
according to the company attached.
Okay, will do.
I’ll let you know
once the cheque is ready.
Thank you.
Don’t forget to walk
the treadmill after work.
For your KPI.
We’re near the evaluation deadline.
Got it.
Let’s go, Nene.
Our business is done.
- Goodbye.
- Goodbye. See you next time.
Oh, I almost forgot.
I still have one more thing to do.
What else?
It’s about us.
I’m not clear yet,
let’s find a good time to talk.
I’ll leave now.
Okay.
What was that about?
I won't tell you.
- Come on, I wants to know.
- No.
Let’s go.
- We’re leaving now. Goodbye!
- Goodbye.
Let’s go.
I won't tell you.
You said you were going to
use the phone.
It finished it.
That was fast.
I need to ask you something.
What is it?
I want you to keep what happened
last night a secret.
What kind of secret
are we talking about?
Should it be top secret?
I don't want anyone to know.
Are you embarrassed
about last night?
Eating in secret,
not revealing in public.
That’s an old expression.
Let’s just say...
What happened between us
should stay between us.
Okay.
I’m not the type to broadcast
who I’ve slept with.
Good.
You’ve made your request.
Now I have a request.
What is it?
The lease on my apartment
is expiring soon,
and the rent is going up.
Your condo... No, aparment.
No, it's not.
Your penthhouse...
Why?
I saw you living alone,
and your place is huge.
I want to stay with you
for a while.
Don’t you have friends?
I do, but I don’t want to
bother them.
But you’d bother me?
It's fine,
if it’s too much trouble,
I understand.
I’ll help with your request.
But if you refuse my request,
I’m not sure when I’m drunk,
I might accidentally tell someone.
Are you trying to blackmail me?
Isn't that a bit harsh?
I’m just negotiating
the terms of your request.
If you promise to keep
our secret...
If anyone hears it from me,
I’ll move out immediately.
Deal.
Good. This is easy. I like it.
No fuss.
How long will you stay?
Just for a while.
My wallet’s been
a bit tight lately.
Money always seems
to find a way out.
When I find a new place,
I’ll move out.
Thanks, my valued client
for letting me stay.
One who hasn't worked before.
- Akhin
- Yes?
Mawin, Mawin.
Mawin what?
Let’s show Mawin to Mr.Don first.
I don't think he’s suitable.
Mawin is shy and not outspoken.
We might waste our time.
- Oh, Akin.
- Yes?
Just try it first.
Let’s present him.
It’s better not to.
Mawin is too shy.
I’ll ask modeling
for more suggestions.
He said both boys
and girls are fine.
It shouldn't be that difficult.
We still have time.
Gosh
Look for cute kids,
never worked before.
Where can we find them?
How’s it going?
Grandpa and Grandma
brought some sausage.
Oh, really?
I know. You don't like it.
Why?
I will eat it all by herself.
Nene, share some with me.
- I'll eat it.
- You’ll get fat.
I think I’ve found a new kid
who’s perfect for this product.
Oh, who is it?
Mind, show it on the screen.
Oh, Than.
Oh, is she his daughter?
She’s so cute.
- His niece.
- Oh, really?
You know her, Akin?
Than is a partner of the gym here.
We go there regularly.
Then please take care of
this for me.
Than is so sweet.
There shouldn’t be any problems.
That’s good.
But if there are other kids,
feel free to present them.
- Okay.
- Yes, sure.
We’ll wrap this up quickly.
Thank you all.
Thank you, Mr. Don.
- Thank you.
- I’ll have Fai send you off.
- Sure.
- Fai, please send him off.
Hello, Uncle.
Huh? Whose voice is that?
Where are you?
I can hear your voice.
I’m here.
Oh, here you are.
Why are you here
with your uncle today?
Grandpa and Grandma
just dropped me off.
Tonight, he will take me shopping.
Oh wow!
I heard there's some
school activity.
She needs to buy a few things.
So it’s yout duty as
a “temporary dad.”
I'm a great uncle.
Let him finish his work here.
How about we go get
some snacks downstairs?
Good idea!
I just saw a new snack shop open.
Oh, in that case,
let’s go right now!
Come with brother.
Oh, brother?
What? So I don’t look old?
We're the same age!
- Same age?
- Yeah.
Let’s go, Nene. Go, go, go!
Same age?
AJ.
What I want you to do is go in.
Get Nene to be the model for us.
Inform him about the dates,
times, and location clearly.
And ask him about the payment.
- Are you listening?
- Yes.
Right, Nene is Than’s niece.
Oh, but don’t mention me.
Mention Too instead.
But you asked me to do this,
not Too.
Just say it,
he'll be more respectful.
Got it. I’ll handle it.
Go.
Did you stop by here
just to see me?
No, I was just passing by.
I’ll go now.
See you later, Kin.
Oh, AJ.
What are you doing here?
Aren’t you working?
Is Than here?
Oh, here he comes.
If you need something,
tell Kin to talk to me.
Okay?
- Bro.
- How’s it going, AJ?
I didn’t even say anything yet.
Than demanded you to talk to him
if you needed anything.
I already told you to mention Too.
I didn’t even get to speak.
Or do you want me to try again?
No, I’ll take care of it myself.
Are you sending Morse code?
Anything we can do for you?
Want to burn
some calories with cardio?
Or maybe build muscle
with bodyweight exercises?
- Or maybe we can...
- Let’s cut to the point.
What’s the matter?
You look serious.
- Well, we're hoping that...
- Who’s “we?”
- I mean, I would like to...
- Long hair, short hair?
Haircut? Curly hair?
- I mean, my team...
- Which team?
Stop joking around.
I’m not joking.
If I were, it’d be like this...
I'd be like this.
Sorry, let’s get to the point.
I am hoping to get
Nene to model for me.
I want her to do
a commercial shoot for ice cream.
It’s not going to be free though,
we have payment for her.
- Actually...
- Okay.
Sure.
Huh?
Just tell me what you need.
You know, I’ll do anything for you.
Alright, I say yes.
You’re not going to
ask for details?
No need.
Whatever you offer me,
it’s always a good deal.
In this world,
aside from my parents,
you're always there for me,
doing things for me.
Stop bringing up
the same old thing.
I just think it’s an opportunity.
But even if I agree,
we still need to ask Nene
if she’s okay with it.
We teach her to think for herself.
And to make decisions on her own.
No pressure,
just a discussion with reason.
Then, could you talk to her for me?
You go talk to her yourself.
You have to pick up
your kid anyway.
Alright.
Let’s pick up Nene and Mavin
from school together.
Good. Imagine this...
When we walk into
the school together,
to pick up our kids,
anyone will think
we're such a warm family.
They’ll probably envy us!
Wake up.
Stop daydreaming.
Your hand.
You're taking the chance.
What time are you leaving?
Can we leave at around 2:30 p.m.?
Okay.
Take my car.
Fine.
Why is my uncle here
with your dad today?
That's true.
Oh, I get it now.
Your dad works in the same building
as my uncle's gym.
We saw your dad the other day.
- Hi there!
- Hi!
- Hello!
- Hi there!
What did you two learn today?
We learned counting and drawing.
The teacher had us
plant some vegetables.
Did you enjoy it, Mavin?
It was fun!
Nene, Mavin's dad has something
he wants you to help with.
What is it?
Well, I want you to be a model
for ice cream ads for me.
Would you like to help me out?
I'd love to!
But being an ice cream model...
Will I really get to
eat the ice cream?
Of course!
I’ll pay you for your work too.
Then can I take a cut
as your manager?
- How much?
- 50.
50 percent?
50 baht.
Wow, Nene.
At this rate, I'll get rich!
Can I come to watch too?
Sure, but the set will be crowded,
and you'll wait for a long time.
We’ll be shooting nearly all day.
It’s fine. I can stay.
I want to see Nene become a star.
And I want to watch you work too.
Great! She will have a friend
and won’t get bored.
Your mouth is all messy.
Oh, it’s too good!
Akin sent a message saying
Nene has agreed to model for us.
Oh, that's great!
See? Akin is always reliable.
He never lets us down.
Then inform Mr. Don.
Sure, I’ll call his secretary.
Alright, the model issue is settled.
So let's hurry and finish the work.
Make sure there are
no problems or mistakes.
Mr. Don's work must be perfect.
- Because we are…
- Beyond Perfect.
House of Perfection
- Yes.
- Very good.
Oh, and one more thing.
Don’t forget
your health assessment.
Don’t just work.
Find some time to go to the gym.
- Okay.
Do you want me to help carry that?
No, it’s fine.
Can I ask you something?
Who is Mavin’s mom?
I want to know
when you stopped loving me
and started loving someone else?
Can you tell me?
Why don’t I know anything?
I never stop loving you.
Can you please tell me?
Please help me
understand everything.
I’m really confused right now.
I don’t know how I should feel
about we meeting again.
And your son.
Something is probably
better not to know.
Hello, Pond. Hello!
First shoot, good luck, Nene!
Oh, hey!
Oh, Than!
Wow, it’s been a long time!
- How’ve you been?
- It’s okay.
This is your daughter?
She’s all grown up now!
This is Sun’s daughter.
Sun’s daughter?
Say hi to Uncle Pond.
- Hi!
- Hi, Uncle Pond!
He is a friend of your dad.
I used to work with your dad
when we were still in school.
Oh, so what brings you here?
I’m an advertising photographer.
Sometimes I shoot fashion too.
I’m here for a shoot
with this agency.
Wow, that’s such a coincidence!
I’m also bringing her
for this shoot.
Really?
Hello, Nene. Than!
- Hello.
- Alright, let’s get you dressed.
Okay, let’s go.
- See you.
- See you, brother.
Okay, ready, start shooting.
If you need anything,
just let me know.
One, two...
Like this.
Turn the logo, please.
This one is cute. So cute.
So cute, Nene.
Why are you so cute?
This is her first job, you know.
- Really?
- Yes, it is.
She’s perfect for the product.
Okay, this one is good.
One more time, please.
Just put it at the head again.
They want it removed.
They want a white color.
Okay, got it.
The jar over there,
please close it.
Show the flavor, please.
It’s her first job.
Her very first job.
- Really? Wow.
- Yes, make her look brighter.
Coffee and water.
Thank you.
Nene, change the pose, please.
Let's do it like this.
Okay.
Ken, let’s add a stop.
Got it.
Okay, Nene,
you can take a break now.
Are you tired?
- Not at all.
- Great job. You’re amazing.
You’re awesome, Nene.
You really got to eat ice cream.
Was it good?
Of course. If it’s from the client,
it has to be delicious.
My uncle said so.
That’s how it should be.
Thank you.
Great job, Nene.
Wow, so professional.
This one is good.
- Thank you, Than.
- I think this one is good too.
This one’s good.
This set looks great
in every photo.
What do you think?
I feel like it’s missing something.
- Akin.
- Yes?
I need your opinion.
I think something is missing,
but I still can’t figure it out.
Is it the hairstyle or the outfit?
Or...
I got it now.
I want that boy to take pictures
with Nene too.
Make it look like they’re inviting
friends to eat together.
The solo shots of Nene...
I think it’s all good.
But let’s add a girl and boy
duo to the set.
And Pond...
It would be nice if we could get
a solo shot of the boy.
I think there are some pieces
that the client needs.
I have no problem with that.
I’ll need to ask for permission
from his father first.
He's the son of Akin.
Yes, he's my son.
That’s good.
Shouldn't be a problem?
And what about the costumes?
Oh, don’t worry, Akin.
- We can take care of that.
- We can do that right away.
- Fai.
- Yes?
Costumes.
Find the costumes.
Thank you so much, Meya.
Mawin wants to shoot too.
But I said I need to
ask his mom first.
Don’t worry.
Mawin is like my own child.
I’ll send you the video
from the shoot later.
Okay.
The snacks are here.
Oh wow.
Hello, Nut.
Are you here to cheer for
Nene or Than?
Uh...
Here you are.
This is for you.
Thank you.
What about mine?
How could I forget, My good girl?
Here you go, this cocoa drink.
Thank you.
Did you have fun today?
Yes, it was really fun.
Nene, honey,
you still have two sets left.
The first one is with Mawin.
Then the next one is solo,
then it'll be done.
Okay.
Send someone to check on Mawin.
Is he done yet?
If he is, we’re ready to shoot.
Let’s continue.
- Great job, Mawin.
- Great job.
Okay, your set is done, Mawin.
You can change and head home.
Nene will change for her last set.
Let’s change your dress.
Mawin, how about we race?
Whoever gets to
the dressing room first wins.
Sure.
One, two, three.
Ouch!
- Hey!
- Oh no!
- Oh!
Mawin, don't move just yet.
Let me check.
It hurts, Uncle.
Mawin, how are you?
He might hit his head on the pole,
and use his arm to break the fall.
Let’s do some first aid
before we take him to the hospital.
The first aid kit is here.
Hold on.
Call the van to take
Mawin to the hospital.
Tell him to wait outside.
Okay.
Ouch, it hurts.
Does this hurt here?
Yes, it hurts.
Hey, Than!
Than, does it hurt?
Just a little bit.
Are you okay?
Getting sympathy
from your boyfriend?
Stop teasing me.
- Hey, go!
- Sit and rest for now.
Blow on it, so it heals.
How old are you?
Ouch.
Is it better now?
Oops!
It’s totally healed!
You’re exaggerating!
Thank you.
Hey, let’s resume, guys!
- Come on.
- Go, go, go!
Play carefully,
or you’ll fall again.
Hello.
It’s Meya.
I just wanted to tell you...
I'm pregnant.
Pregnant?
Hold on a second. Who is this?
- It’s Meya, we met at...
- Actually...
I’m not the owner of this phone.
He is unavailable to take the call.
Please have him call me back.
Okay.
Sorry, it’s Akin,
We were talking just now.
I have something I want to discuss.
Is it convenient
for you to meet me?
The baby in is his son.
Excuse me, where is
the finance department?
Mawin, does anywhere else hurt?
What happened to your neck?
It’s just an ant bite.
The matters of the heart
comes first?
And where does work rank?
Don’t just chase after him
and let your life fall apart.
Why doesn’t Mawin have
your last name?
Or he is not really your son?
- Why did you poke me?
- One more, please.
No.